four friends were hiking in the
mountains at lunch time
it started pouring down the friends hid
in a cave
they decided four friends were hiding
from the entrance to protect themselves
from the chilly wind
when they were already deep in the cave
amelia discovered she'd lost her phone
the girl asked her friends to go and
look for her gadget
and she was going to stay there and
start a fire
in a half an hour the guys were back
james said he hadn't noticed a lake in
the dark
and had fallen into it oliver told her
he had seen some bats
got terribly scared and rushed back and
ethan nearly got lost
i'm so happy i made it back to you which
guy
behaves suspiciously
ethan lied james was soaked through
after falling into the water
but why was ethan's hair wet it looks as
if he was
outside in the rain but decided not to
tell his friends about it
mr lawrence called the police he said
someone had taken his car for a joy ride
crashed it into a street light and run
away the man was sure it had been one of
his neighbors
the police questioned three of them ivy
answered she had been at work
and arrived home only in the evening
cameron told the police he had been
helping his dad
remove old stuff from the attic and
aaron claimed
he had been hanging out with his friends
eating pizza and
binge watching the latest series after
listening to all the suspects
the police officers arrested one of them
who was it
it was cameron there's no attic in his
house
he invented the whole story
jackson was going to marry the love of
his life liza
but one day before the wedding his
fiancee disappeared
her room was a mess on her bed jackson
found
a note with several hastily written
numbers 5509-710
jackson knew three other guys were in
love with his wife-to-be
jaden was a landscape designer and often
sent liza
beautiful flowers luke owned a gas
station
and usually tanked up the girl's car for
free
and asher was a hair stylist and helped
liza with her hair
all of these guys wouldn't be above
taking the girl away to prevent her from
marrying jackson
but just one of them was actually guilty
who
jackson turned the note over and
realized it read
oil boss it was luke who had taken liza
away
kevin had been dreaming of getting a
motorbike for
ages he'd taken several training courses
and read tons of specialized literature
and
finally the guy saved enough to buy the
motorcycle of his dreams
kevin was so excited he immediately went
for a ride
the guy was enjoying the trip when
suddenly some
force pushed him to the side of the road
he lost control of his bike and crashed
into a tree
luckily kevin was wearing a helmet and
was unharmed
unlike his precious motorbike the guy
looked around
and saw a gray ford disappearing into
the distance
it was a hit and run kevin was
devastated
he checked his motorcycle despite being
damaged it was okay to ride
the guy continued on his way just
several minutes later
he saw the very same gray ford park near
a coffee shop
kevin rushed inside and saw four people
he didn't need much time to understand
who the driver that it hit him was
[Music]
it's the man standing near the counter
the rest of the visitors are already
eating
he's the only one still choosing what to
order
naomi invited her friends to a pajama
party at her house
where she lived with her parents and an
older brother
the only thing she told the girls was
don't enter my brother's room
mark loves playing tricks on people and
once you're in there
you might not be able to get out they
had been eating gossiping and watching
viral tick tock videos
until one of naomi's friends asked wait
where's rebecca
what the girls didn't know was that
rebecca went to the kitchen to drink
some water
but she got lost and ended up in mark's
room
the door closed behind her back and try
as she might
it wouldn't open that's when the girl
noticed a password lock with letters on
it
at a loss rebecca looked around was that
a piece of paper on the table she picked
it up and saw
five numbers on it three seven six
nine two the girl thought for a while
then
entered a combination of letters and got
out of the room
what was the password
the code was the first letters of the
five numbers
tssnt
claire's the best student in her class
she's also
friendly and kind her classmates love
her nice character
and how she always finds a way to help
them at the tests
this time though it's going to be tough
there will be new rules during their
upcoming math exam
there won't be anyone at school except
for the students and several teachers
the library cafeteria and gym will be
closed
students will have to leave their phones
in a special locker
it won't be allowed to talk whatsoever
if students
need to go to the bathroom they'll have
to do it one by one
and the teacher will check the bathroom
after each student
even the toilet paper claire's
classmates are devastated
they know they're going to fail the test
don't worry the girl says
i've got an idea when the kids get their
exam results they see the highest marks
their teacher knows the students cheated
but how
claire was the first to go to the
bathroom she wrote the correct answers
on the steamy mirror with her finger
and her classmates could read the
answers by breathing on the mirror
the little cheaters detective brown
is following a man who's suspected of
smuggling
suddenly the man speeds up and
disappears around the corner
the detective runs after him but there's
no sign of the man
the only place where the suspect could
hide is a beauty salon
brown rushes inside and sees three women
but he knows for sure one of them must
be the man he's looking for
which one
all of the women look stylish and
ladylike
but look at the arms of the one sitting
on the right
they're too hairy to belong to a woman
that's our criminal
an expensive ring went missing from a
jewelry store
on the first floor of a large shopping
mall the manager called the police
after watching the cctv camera footage
they had three suspects
a student a woman with a ten-year-old
daughter
and an elderly man the student said he
had agreed to meet with his friend
next to the jewelry store i didn't even
set foot inside
the woman was furious i was at the
movies with my daughter here in the mall
when everything happened
the elderly man said yes i did enter the
store
i felt unwell and asked for a glass of
water
but i didn't take the ring who's lying
all the movies running at that time had
16 plus age rating
the woman wouldn't be able to watch any
of them with her young daughter
vicki's friends knew the girl loved all
kinds of riddles and puzzles
once they decided to play a trick on her
while she was sleeping
they moved her to the attic and left her
there with nothing but a note
a pen and a flashlight when vicki woke
up
she found herself in a dark room with no
windows a locked door
and a table with a piece of paper on it
the note said
crack this riddle write down the answer
and slip it under the door
if it's correct you'll be set free m1y
l one i one f one
e vicky was a smart girl she didn't need
much time to find the answer to the
riddle
do you know it
the expression hidden in the note is for
once in my life
after vicki slipped the paper under the
door her cheering friends let her out
justin was an archaeologist who explored
ancient pyramids
one day something went wrong and he
ended up locked in a tiny room deep
underground
the guy got into the room through a
narrow passage it was blocked by a rock
slide several minutes after he entered
there was only one other door in the
room but it was locked
to open it the guy had to solve a riddle
it looked like this after mulling it
over for some time
justin guessed what it meant can you
the answer is try to understand
one day a public library made a strange
announcement
each member could borrow as many books
as they wanted
they also didn't have to return them for
the next half a year
why
the library was moving to a new building
but they didn't have enough money
and this way the patrons would move most
of the books by themselves
smart